## 1.5.2

- Add meteor-mocha wrapper script to npm bin scripts

## 1.5.1

- Add meteor-mocha wrapper script

## 1.5.0

- Add spacejam-mocha

- Document mocha support in package desc, readme and help

- Let mocha report uncaught client side exceptions during tests, instead of exiting.

## 1.4.1

- Add set-meteor-env and unset-meteor-env to package.json bin so other scripts can find them.

## 1.4.0

- Add multi-env support to mrun and sjtp scripts using set-meteor-env and unset-meteor-env scripts

- Add spacejam.rc script that adds the following aliases to the user's shell

menv XXX (i.e. menv STAGE) - switches between envs

msetenv - regenerates the meteor env

- Add spacejam-init-bashrc script that adds to user's .bashrc the menv and msetenv aliases by sourcing spacejam.rc

- Add mdeploy script to login and publish an app to meteor, with multi-env support

- Add mongo-connect and mongo-reset scripts to reset an external mongodb

- Add mmpublish script to publish packages with practicalmeteor:mocha tests

- TODO: Documentation of all of the above in README

## 1.3.0

- Exit with exit code 6 in case of an uncaught client side error before or during tests.

## 1.2.2

- Add support for METEOR_APP_HOME in mrun

- Always export METEOR_TEST_PACKAGES='1' in both spacejam and mtp before running meteor test-packages

## 1.2.1

* Add --use-system-phantomjs flag.

## 1.2.0

* Add support for saving xunit output generated by meteor's test-in-console to a file using --xunit-out

## 1.1.4

* Add --phantomjs-options

## 1.1.3

* Remove requirement to be in a meteor app or package folder

## 1.1.2

* Mac / OS X support

## 1.1.1

* Update README.md

## 1.1.0

* coffee-script installation perquisite removed.
* Add --dir option to specify current working directory.
* Unless you explicitly specify --mongo-url, mongodb will default to internal meteor mongodb, and not MONGO_URL.
* Unless you explicitly specify --root-url, ROOT_URL will default to localost:--port (default 4096), and not ROOT_URL.
* Add mrun and mtp scripts
* Internal: Update tests to meteor 1.0
* Internal: Compile and run tests in js, not coffee.

## 1.0.0

* Remove support for the --app option. spacejam needs to be run from within a meteor app or package folder.
* Remove support for the --once option, since we need the meteor proxy to start and launch a mongodb, if needed. With --once, the meteor proxy will not launch a mongodb.
* Remove support for the --driver-package option. It will always be test-in-console, since spacejam should only be used to test your packages from the command line or in ci environments.
* Internal: Update tests to meteor 0.9.2.2

## 0.2.10

* Internal: Fix npm-publish script so it stops in case of errors.

## 0.2.9

* Add support for running spacejam without packages specified, so it will do the same as meteor test-packages without arguments.
* Add support for running tests for standalone packages, without a meteor app.
* spacejam now kills meteor's internal mongodb cleanly. See #3

## 0.2.8

* Updated documentation to reflect that spacejam_ environment variables need to be lower case.

## 0.2.7

* `--driver-package` option has been removed. It will always use `test-in-console`.
* Updated documentation to include prerequisites (coffee-script) and quick start.

## 0.2.6

* `--app` is no longer required. spacejam will use the current working directory, if no --app folder is specified.
* Added spacejam ([bin/run-tests.sh](bin/run-tests.sh)) and meteor ([bin/run-app.sh](bin/run-app.sh)) wrapper scripts in order to easily specify different environments for meteor and spacejam.
* Added a script ([bin/unset-meteor-env.sh](bin/unset-meteor-env.sh)) to easily unset meteor related environment variables.

## 0.2.5

* Add support for the `--release` meteor flag.
